docs: fix OOM/hang for Qwen dynamic resolution models by setting min_pixels and max_pixels (#46007)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tasks/image_text_to_text.md

    dtype=torch.bfloat16,
    attn_implementation="flash_attention_2",
).to(device)
```

> [!WARNING]

> > Models with dynamic resolution (e.g. Qwen3-VL, Qwen3.5) default to a very high
> > `longest_edge` (~16MP), which can produce 10,000+ visual tokens for high-resolution
> > images and cause extremely slow inference or out-of-memory errors on consumer GPUs.
> > Always set `min_pixels` and `max_pixels` when loading the processor for such models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Dynamic-resolution models like Qwen3-VL and Qwen3.5 default to a ~16MP `longest_edge`, which can emit 10,000+ visual tokens per image and stall inference or OOM on consumer GPUs. Set `min_pixels` and `max_pixels` when loading the processor to cap this.
```
